hello the data to be concerned I've
joined the Rebel Alliance Jack join the
big star fighter and we're gonna go out
and assist those evil empire douchebags
understand what you need I understand
stop T beggin for a second and listen to
me you dick question why do you need the
next wing have you not got an x-wing I'm
look at my house now and no I do not
have a giant spacecraft on top of it
clearly something wrong with you then
clearly dude what wanna be my r2d2 oh
probably is this some sort where sex
fantasy only real men fantasize about
being in Star Wars
real men okay you're right now say beep
boop boop beep what sit sit sit
say beep boop boop beep
this is nothing I say all right beep
what was it again tell me beep beep boop
boop beep this is weird leave it do
anything it's just it no stick it's my
joystick jack I'm sure I don't think we
should be friends anymore just this got
a really awkward about as soon as I got
here the other hand here's a spade oh
thank you right away I'm gonna I'm gonna
go in the opposite direction
personally